## osrsbox-db: Useful Data

This folder contains a collection of useful data that is used in the osrsbox-db project. A summary of the data files, their contents and uses are provided in the sections below.

### Attackable NPCs

The `attackable-npcs.json` file is a JSON file containing NPC definitions from the OSRS cache for NPCs that are attackable. The data is extracted from the OSRS Cache using the [`extract_attackable_npcs.py` script](../extraction_tools_cache/extract_attackable_npcs.py) which looks for the keyword _Attack_ in `options` array for each NPC definition. The use of the data in the osrsbox-db is when building the Monsters database contents.

### Grand Exchange Limits

The `ge-limits-ids.json` and `ge-limits-names.json` files are both JSON files that contain buy limit information for items traded on the Grand Exchange. The `ge_limits.json` file is sourced from [the RuneLite client](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/blob/master/runelite-client/src/main/resources/net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/ge_limits.json). The original RuneLite file maps item ID to buy limit. The `ge-limits-ids.json` is the same contents, while the `ge-limits-names.json` file is the same data transformed to map item names to item buy limits. The data is converted using the [`convert_buy_limits.py` script](../scripts/helpers/convert_buy_limits.py). The use of the data in the osrsbox-db is when building the Items database contents.

### Item Ammo Requirements  
 
The `item-ammo-requirements.json` file was generated for the osrsbox-db project by the [OSRS Best in Slot website developer](https://www.osrsbestinslot.com/). The JSON file maps item ID number to an object of ammo requirements for the item. The data was manually compiled, but can be automated for checking using the [`item_ammo_requirements.py` script](../scripts/helpers/item_ammo_requirements.py). The script parses the item database contents and looks for equipable items in the `ammo` item slot, then prints to default structure to manually enter the data. 

### Item Skill Requirements  
 
The `item-skill-requirements.json` file was generated specifically for the osrsbox-db project. The JSON file maps item ID number to an object of skill requirements for the item. The data was manually compiled using the [`item_skill_requirements.py` script](../scripts/helpers/item_skill_requirements.py) which parses the item database contents and looks for items without a `requirements` entry, then prints to default structure to manually enter the data. The use of the data in the osrsbox-db is when building the Item database contents.

### Item Scraper - Raw OSRS Cache Item Data

The `items-scraper.json` file is extracted and parsed item definition data from the OSRS cache. It is generated by a custom RuneLite plugin that extracts item metadata and item icon images. 
